{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red53\green118\blue190;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs44 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Part 0 Download the starter project.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 This is the same \'93Filterer\'94 project created during this course so feel free to use your own version if you\'92ve been following along.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs44 \cf2 Part 1 Implement Filter and Compare functions\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b\fs28 \cf2 1. When a user taps a filter button, the image view should update with the filtered image.
\b0 \
\'b7 Use the RGBAImage class from the course 1 project to get access to the pixels contained in a UIImage object.\
\'b7 Employ your filter code from course 1 to filter the selected image.\

\b 2. When a user taps the compare button, the image view should show the original image. When they tap the button again, show the filtered image.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs44 \cf2 Part 2 Refine the UI\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b\fs28 \cf2 1. Disable the compare button when a filter hasn\'92t been selected.
\b0 \
\'b7 If the user hasn\'92t selected a filter yet, then the image hasn\'92t changed, and the compare button isn\'92t useful. Disable the button when its function is not needed.\

\b 2. Make it easier to compare the original and filtered images.
\b0 \
\'b7 When the user touches the image, toggle between the filtered, and original images temporarily.\
\'b7 When the user lifts their finger, toggle back.\

\b 3. Make it more explicit that the user is looking at the original image.
\b0 \
\'b7 Add a small overlay view on top of the image view with the text \'93Original\'94. This should only be visible when the user is looking at the original image.\

\b 4. Cross-fade images when a user selects a new filter or uses the compare function.
\b0 \
\'b7 A smoother transition between images gives the app a more refined feel.\
\'b7 During the cross-fade you will need to display two images at once. You\'92ll need to add a second UIImageView on top of the first one, and you can animate the alpha of the top view to show or hide the bottom view.\

\b 5. Use images instead of text for the filter buttons.
\b0 \
\'b7 Choose a small generic image that you can use as an icon for the filter buttons.\
\'b7 For each filter button, replace the text with a filtered version of that icon so that the user can see what the effect looks like before they select it.\
\'b7 You may not be able to fit as many filter buttons on the screen if you use images, that\'92s ok, just fit as many as you can.\

\b 6. Add an Edit button.
\b0 \
\uc0\u9679  Add an edit button next to the Filter button in the bottom toolbar. The function of this button is to allow the user to adjust the intensity of the currently applied filter (this button should be disabled until a filter has been selected.)\
\uc0\u9679  When the user taps the edit button, hide the filter option list (if visible) and show a UISlider widget instead.\
\uc0\u9679  After the user adjusts the slider, the image should be updated with the new filter intensity.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs44 \cf2 Part 3 Optional Bonus Challenge \'96 UICollectionView\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 With the currently implemented UI, the user can select from several filter options. But this interface has a major limitation: What if you want to offer even more filters, but can\'92t fit the buttons on the screen?\
It would be nice if we could have a scrolling list of filter buttons. This could fit into our existing layout if the list scrolls horizontally. We covered the UITableView API in this course, but UITableView cells scroll vertically and each cell takes up the entire width of the screen. There is a more advanced API called UICollectionView. A collection view is a more flexible widget than a table view, but it has a very similar API. The biggest addition is that the collection view API allows you to create custom layouts of cells in two dimensions. The bonus challenge is to refactor the filter button list from a stack view, into a horizontally scrolling collection view.\
\'b7 For an introduction to the UICollectionView API check out Apple\'92s video here: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.apple.com/videos/play/wwdc2012-205/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 https://developer.apple.com/videos/play/wwdc2012-205/}} (Note: This video was produced before Swift was released, so the examples are in Objective-C.) \'b7 Refer to the Collection View Programming Guide for iOS for a more in-depth introduction: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.apple.com/library/ios/documentation/WindowsViews/Conceptual/CollectionViewPGforIOS/Introduction/Introduction.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 https://developer.apple.com/library/ios/documentation/WindowsViews/Conceptual/CollectionViewPGforIOS/Introduction/Introduction.html}}\
\'b7Take a look at the CollectionView-Simple sample project (Objective-C) on Apple\'92s iOS documentation site. Keep in mind that this implements a vertically scrolling list with two cells per row, whereas you want a horizontally scrolling list with one cell per column.{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.apple.com/library/prerelease/ios/samplecode/CollectionView-Simple/Introduction/Intro.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 https://developer.apple.com/library/prerelease/ios/samplecode/CollectionView-Simple/Introduction/Intro.html}}\
The Collection View API requires you to supply a layout object to manage the layout of cells in the collection view. Apple supplies a built-in class named UICollectionViewFlowLayout. Use this instead of creating your own custom layout class.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 SUBMISSION: 
\b0 Make sure all your project files are in a single folder with the main Xcode project file (with the .xcodeproj extension) at the top level. Zip the folder first using the Mac\'92s compression command. (In Finder, right-click the folder and select \'93Compress\'94.) Upload this zipped archive for review'}